[website] Tweaks to the Designer position ad (#36771)
mui/material-ui: docs/src/pages/careers/senior-designer.md

As our [design philosophy](https://mui-org.notion.site/Design-philosophy-bdbef60d6fad4134a43870df3e452ebc) states, you'll be conducting and guiding the whole team, making sure everything we do is adding a special design spice that only you can add.
We imagine a world where design execution is a definitive product differentiator.

> ### What you'll do on your first 3 months

Reviewer: For the context, the goal of this header is to communicate the responsibility in the role, the goal is to match https://mui-org.notion.site/Designer-ecc6e1c958124a8da07711d57166f6ce, which is public.

As our [design philosophy](https://mui-org.notion.site/Design-philosophy-bdbef60d6fad4134a43870df3e452ebc) states, you'll be conducting and guiding the whole team, making sure everything we do is adding a special design spice that only you can add.
We imagine a world where design execution is a definitive product differentiator.

### What you'll do in your first month

- Understand how your role fits into the organization and get acquainted with team members and processes
- Learn about MUI's products, business, goals, and how users experience the MUI ecosystem

> - Possibly your first contribution to either MUI Core or MUI X on a self-contained, small, problem

Reviewer 2: A slight rewording suggestion & starting each line with an action verb: 
```suggestion
- Make your first contribution to either MUI Core or MUI X on an approachable, simple problem
```

### What you'll do in your first 3 months

- Conduct one-on-one user interviews with community members
- Review and give feedback to work from other designers on the team

> - Understand the MUI Core and MUI X libraries patterns to improve existing components' UX & UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Understand the MUI Core and MUI X library patterns to improve existing components' UX & UI
```

> - Open your first PR improving existing components documentation or straight-forward demo design improvement

Reviewer 2: I feel like this can be simplified & still get the same point across. 

```suggestion
- Open your first PR improving documentation or demos 
```

### What you'll do in your first 6 months

- Design a new component for one of the MUI Core libraries from scratch in partnership with a developer

> - Design new templates for either Joy UI or Material UI and also support their implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Design new templates for either Joy UI or Material UI and support their implementation
```

- Review new Figma Design kit versions and coordinate their next release

### What you'll have done in your first year

Aside from all of the above, by the time you complete your first year, you should be able to:

- Proactively identify improvement opportunities across MUI's ecosystem

> - Help your team structure and a follow a plan that tackles user pain points that you help to discover

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Help your team structure and follow a plan to tackle user pain points that you help to discover
```

> - Foster an even more design-oriented, user-centered, culture at MUI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Foster an even more design-oriented, user-centered culture at MUI
```

> - Contribute at a code capacity more confidently, able to do your own design tweaks and improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Contribute in a code capacity more confidently, with the ability to tweak and improve your own designs
```
